feat(replay): Add troubleshooting doc for Apollo Client response capture (#7210)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/platforms/javascript/common/session-replay/troubleshooting.mdx

## Replay on My Browser Extension Doesn't Work

This is not a supported use-case. The replay package is built to work on a website and not as an externally-loaded script via browser extension or other mechanism. In fact, Sentry's Session Replay product can help developers find out when a third-party Chrome extension causes otherwise hard to debug or reproduce issues with their website.

## Response data for Apollo GraphQL Client network requests is not captured

> Apollo Client sends an abort signal via `AbortController` whenever a query completes, in order to clean up & cancel all in-flight queries.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Apollo Client sends an abort signal via `AbortController` whenever a query completes, to clean up and cancel all in-flight queries.
```

> This leads to the Replay not being able to capture the response body, because the request is handled as aborted before Replay can access the response.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When this happens, the Replay can't capture the response body because the request is handled as aborted before Replay can access the response.
```

> In order to avoid this, you have to disable this behavior of Apollo Client by configuring your own abort signal:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To avoid this, disable this behavior of Apollo Client by configuring your own abort signal:
```
